c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\ControleTela.exe.config
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\ControleTela.exe
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\ControleTela.pdb
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.Form1.resources
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.exe
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.pdb
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.Cadastro.resources
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\Controle.mdf
c:\users\anockshadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\Controle_log.ldf
C:\Users\AnockShadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.estoque.resources
C:\Users\AnockShadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.Vendas.resources
C:\Users\AnockShadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\AnockShadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\ControleTela.exe.manifest
C:\Users\AnockShadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\bin\Debug\ControleTela.application
C:\Users\AnockShadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.exe.manifest
C:\Users\AnockShadow\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ControleTela\ControleTela\obj\Debug\ControleTela.application
